chore: add v1.20.0-rc1 changelog (#10273)
filecoin-project/lotus: CHANGELOG.md

# Lotus changelog

> # 1.20.0 / 2023-02-14

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# 1.20.0-rc1 / 2023-02-14
```

## Calibration nv18 Hygge Upgrade

This release candidate sets the calibration-net nv18 Hygge upgrade at epoch 322354, 22023-02-21T16:30:00Z. The bundle the network will be using is [v10.0.0 actors](https://github.com/filecoin-project/builtin-actors/releases/tag/v10.0.0-rc.1)
(located at `build/actors/v10.tar.zst`) upon/post migration, manifest CID `bafy2bzaced25ta3j6ygs34roprilbtb3f6mxifyfnm7z7ndquaruxzdq3y7lo`.

> .

Author: ```suggestion

```

## Node Operators

> FVM has be running in lotus since v1.16.0 and up, and the new FEVM does not increase any node hardware spec requirement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FVM has been running in lotus since v1.16.0 and up, and the new FEVM does not increase any node hardware spec requirement.
```

> With FEVM on Filecoin, we aim to provide full compatibility with the existing EVM ecosystem and its tooling out of box and thus, lotus now provides a full set of [Ethereum-styled APIs](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/blob/release/v1.20.0/node/impl/full/eth.go) for developers and token holders to interact Filecoin network as well. We recommend node and api service providers and dApp developers to enable the following node configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With FEVM on Filecoin, we aim to provide full compatibility with the existing EVM ecosystem and its tooling out of box and thus, lotus now provides a full set of [Ethereum-styled APIs](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/blob/release/v1.20.0/node/impl/full/eth.go) for developers and token holders to interact with the Filecoin network as well.
```

**Enable Ethereum JSON RPC API**

> Note that Ethereum APIs are only support in lotus v1 APIs, meaning for any node operators who want to enable Eth API services can must be using v1 apis, instead of v0 apis. To enable Eth RPC, simply set `EnableEthRPC` to `true` in your node config.toml file; or set env var `LOTUS_FEVM_ENABLEETHRPC` to `1` before starting your lotus node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that Ethereum APIs are only supported in the lotus v1 API, meaning that any node operator who wants to enable Eth API services must be using the v1 API, instead of the v0 API. To enable Eth RPC, simply set `EnableEthRPC` to `true` in your node config.toml file; or set env var `LOTUS_FEVM_ENABLEETHRPC` to `1` before starting your lotus node.
```

**Eth tx hash and Filecoin message CID**

> Most of the Eth APIs take Eth accounts and tx has as an input, and they start with `0x` , and that is what Ethereum tooling support. However, in Filecoin, we have Filecoin account formats where things start with `f` (`f410` specifically for eth accounts on Filecoin) and the messages are in the format of CIDs. To enable a smooth developer experience, lotus internally convert between eth accounts address and Filecoin account address as needed. In addition, lotus also keeps a Eth tx hash <> Filecoin message CID map and store them in a sqlite database as node sees a FEVM messages. The database is initiated and the maps are populated  automatically in `~/<lotus_repo>/sqlite/txhash.db` for any node that as Eth RPC enabled. Node operators can configure how many historical mappings they wanna store by configuring `EthTxHashMappingLifetimeDays` .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the Eth APIs take Eth accounts and tx has as an input, and they start with `0x` , and that is what Ethereum tooling support. However, in Filecoin, we have Filecoin account formats where things start with `f` (`f410` specifically for eth accounts on Filecoin) and the messages are in the format of CIDs. To enable a smooth developer experience, Lotus internally converts between Ethereum address and Filecoin account address as needed. In addition, lotus also keeps a Eth tx hash <> Filecoin message CID map and stores them in a SQLite database as node sees a FEVM messages. The database is initiated and the maps are populated  automatically in `~/<lotus_repo>/sqlite/txhash.db` for any node that as Eth RPC enabled. Node operators can configure how many historical mappings they wanna store by configuring `EthTxHashMappingLifetimeDays` .
```
